Play as Matt w/ Ocho


4 Acts (+1 from Chapter3)


Each Act should have simpler mechanics so it isn't front/back-loaded
Top right of the screen is just the current time w/ time until tourney

Acts:
1. Introduction: Matt has to make lunch to prepare for his tourney at the LGS (no doxx sir)
2. Rising Action: Matt goes to work, the gym, the flipino land,etc (FILLER EXDE)
3. Climax: Matt vs Trip
4. Falling Action: Celebration 

after celebration, bad things happen, Cody w/ friends just starts killing everyone (idk inverting everyone so we get Evil thang, Evil Matt) then the building collapses end of chapter :)





Ideas for Matt vs Trip

1. Hella Quick Time Events (QTE)
2. Option Select
3. Make it an IRL fight
4. Trip gets into an accident so there is just no fight
5. Combine option Select + QTE
6. Idk have some sort of a flashback

///////////////////

Chapter 4: Matt v Trip
-A little longer than chapter 3
-Each act has mini games; simple but still fits a visual novel
-(Maybe?) Time until Matt’s tourney

-Act 1: Kody wants to get better at smash, asks Matt for help. 
After practicing with Matt Kody realizes smash is too sweaty; stops practicing. 
Matt continues on his own, practicing hour after hour, determined to beat Trip at the next school tournament. 
He reminisces on past encounters (Flashback montage of trip kicking his ass). 
He looks over to the side of his room as he stares at a picture of Trip, darts covering the picture. 
-Act 1 Minigame: QTE of Matt doing a ness combo; in a flashback of Trip wobbling Matt, have the player press a rhythm to perform the wobble.

-Act 2: Matt wakes up the next day. He practices whenever he can and thinks of smash whenever he can’t play. 
His coworkers look at him weird as he mumbles to himself at work. 
Matt’s boss tells everyone that they're leaving early after someone broke the registrar. Matt drives home (in the company cruiser), running over pedestrians on the way home. He gets home, feeding Ocho.
-Act 2 Minigame: Have the player drag food over to a picture of Ocho until he’s full. 
Each time Ocho is given food, have the picture of Ocho widen to show that he’s getting fatter.

-Act 3: Tournament starts, fast forward to Matt v Trip. If Matt loses, Matt throws his controller at Trip, and they fight, causing the building to fall and kill everyone. 
OR Matt wins, he pops off so hard he kills everyone in the venue.
-Act 3 Minigame: Matt v. Trip; rest of chapter changes depending on win or losing the minigame. 

-Act 4: Matt’s funeral, the boys are there, Vu gives the speech.
-Act 4 Minigame: ???
